California Collaborative for Educational Excellence - School Climate
Source: https://www.ccee-ca.org/resources/ccee-resource-archive/school-climate/

Homepage - CCEE

 

A Quality, 
Equitable Education 
For Every Student

California Collaborative for Educational Excellence transforms public education, so every student is inspired and prepared to thrive as their best self in the world through a focus on…

System of Support

Community Engagement 

Learning Acceleration

Direct Technical Assistance

CCEE Initiatives

California Collaborative for Educational Excellence (CCEE) aligns its initiatives with three purpose drivers to more effectively achieve its core mission 

Continuous Improvement

CCEE 
models
 and partners with the field to adopt a mindset of curiosity and institute a practice of ongoing improvement. 

VIEW INITIATIVES

WHAT WE DO:

CCEE, under its Continuous Improvement driver, is devoted to advancing and refining educational practices to achieve superior outcomes. The organization works diligently to enhance professional development and strengthen the capabilities of Local Educational Agencies (LEAs). By participating, you join a collective pursuit of educational excellence, contributing to the ongoing improvement and success of learning environments and methodologies.

VIEW INITIATIVES

Student Success

CCEE 
strengthens
 and supports the systems and programs that evidence shows are fostering learning and accountability to ensure student success.

VIEW INITIATIVES

WHAT WE DO:

CCEE, through its Student Success driver, is committed to unlocking every student’s potential by implementing comprehensive initiatives. These initiatives aim to address educational inequities, enhance learning outcomes, and promote inclusivity. CCEE invites superintendents to collaborate, with the goal of achieving transformative impacts within their districts, ensuring that all students have the opportunity to succeed.

VIEW INITIATIVES

Student-Centered Approaches

CCEE 
prioritizes
 the well-being of all students, their families, schools, and communities by promoting socially just and inclusive practices. These drivers aim to better reflect CCEE’s commitment to education and its stakeholders.

VIEW INITIATIVES

WHAT WE DO:

CCEE champions a student-first philosophy through its Student-Centered Approaches, leading the way in transformative change. Initiatives such as Open Door, Leadership Institute, and Community Engagement are central to this effort. CCEE extends an invitation to superintendents to collaborate, aiming to raise the standard of education in California by fostering inclusivity, compassion, and innovation in learning environments.

VIEW INITIATIVES

Connecting California: A Free Virtual Conference

 Join educators, families, community partners, and state agencies for Connecting California, a free virtual conference focused on strengthening connections across the Statewide System of Support (SSOS).  
 
Learn More and Register

LEARNING & DEVELOPMENT

Featured Resources 

We’re helping educators and administrators achieve goals identified in Local Control and Accountability Plans.

LEA Leadership and Staff

 California Attendance Guide: Taking a Comprehensive Approach to Attendance and Engagement in California

LEA Leadership and Staff

 Frontline Voices

LEA Leadership and Staff

 Assessment System Review Online Learning Path (2.0 Version)

Governance (Research & Policy)

 Open Door Session: Enhancing LCAP Monitoring & Evaluation: Insights from Riverside COE and Lake Elsinore USD

LEA Leadership and Staff

 Universal Design for Learning (UDL) Data Toolkit

Governance (Research & Policy)

 Open Door Session: Driving Safer Schools with Daily Huddles: Hemet USD’s Blueprint for Action and Impact

SEARCH FOR A RESOURCE

News 

and 

Announcements 

Hot Topics: LTELs in CA Accountability and Statewide System of Support

March 7, 2025

Hot Topics: Why School District Turnaround Takes Time—and What CCEE Is Doing About It

May 28, 2025

New! Statewide System of Support Virtual Conference

July 16, 2025

Hot Topics: CA High Quality Online Instructional Materials Initiative Legislative Report

September 29, 2025

BROWSE ALL NEWS

ARTICLE

CCEE Priorities For 2025-26

 As the Executive Director of the California Collaborative for Educational Excellence (CCEE), I am excited to share our strategic priorities for the 2025-2026 school year. Our focus will be on four critical areas 
 
Learn More

Request 

CCEE 

Assistance

REQUEST ASSISTANCE