Safe Schools & Violence Prevention
Source: https://www.cde.ca.gov/ls/ss/se/

School Environment - Safe Schools (CA Dept of Education)

 

 

Skip to main content

Home

Learning Support

Safe Schools

School Environment

 

School Environment

 Provides training, resources, and technical assistance in the establishment of a school/community environment that is physically and emotionally safe, well disciplined, and conducive to learning.
 

Restorative Practices and School Discipline

A collection of tools and resources regarding restorative practices that educators can use to improve school discipline practices. 

Behavioral Intervention Strategies and Supports

We can keep students in school and hold them accountable. Research on student engagement, academic success, dropout and graduation rates has shown the need to replace punitive discipline practices.

Bipartisan Safer Communities Act - Stronger Connections Grant

The program serves to increase the capacity of Local Educational Agencies (LEA) to establish safer and healthier learning environments, prevent and respond to acts of violence and bullying/harassment, address mental health needs, develop safety assessments, corresponding plans and strategies, and promote a positive school climate and culture.

Bullying & Hate Motivated Behavior Prevention

Provides resources for parents, administrators, and students on how bullying can be prevented and addressed. Resources include publications, sample policies, and frequently asked questions.

Equal Opportunity & Access

Discloses the practices of the California Department of Education to ensure equal, fair, and meaningful access to its employment and program services. 

Positive School Climate

Information regarding the importance of positive school climate and resources to improve school climate.

Unsafe School Choice Option Provisions

Information regarding the Unsafe School Choice Option (USCO) provisions of the No Child Left Behind Act.

Safe and Supportive Schools

Supports statewide measurement of conditions for learning (school climate) and targeted programmatic interventions to improve those conditions.

Questions:  

School Health and Safety Office | 916-319-0914

 

 
 Last Reviewed: Wednesday, April 02, 2025

Trending in Safe Schools

Child Abuse Identification & Reporting Guidelines

School Discipline Information and Resources

Comprehensive School Safety Plans

Bullying Prevention Training & Resources

Child Abuse Prevention Training and Resources

Bullying & Hate-Motivated Behavior Prevention

Restorative Practices and School Discipline

Safe Schools Planning

Behavioral Intervention Strategies and Supports

Administrator Recommendation of Expulsion Matrix 

Safe Schools

More Trending Items

Recently Posted in Safe Schools

 No items posted in the last 60 days.